Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Brooke: Previously on
The Five Star Weekend:
- I come bearing booze.
- Thank you.
- Wait. wait.
- It's a good bottle.
- It's not cheap.
- This is yours.
- [exclaiming] Here I go.
- Ooh.
I should-- I'm gonna go.
I got a weird message
from the hospital.
They have my results already.
"Take care" like.
"Chill out. you're fine."
or like. "You're gonna die"?
I don't know. baby.
This Posey thing.
it's not going away.
J.B. could fire me.
Hollis:
Stubbys and then it's spa time.
- Brooke: Yum.
- Tatum: There's the lighthouse.
Dru-Ann:
Oh. wait.
[dramatic theme playing]
Brooke:
Maybe you could just order in?
I don't know how long
I'll be here.
I'll be here as long
as she needs me.
Well. I don't know
what you're in the mood for. babe.
What does your tummy feel like?
Maybe Thai?
I gotta go.
Hi. Hey.
- It's him.
- Yeah.
- It's Matthew.
- Okay.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. God. Okay.
- First thing--
- I'm sorry for...
calling you so last minute.
- Please don't be sorry.
- I'm so sorry.
No. no. no.
I am so glad you called.
It's okay. Hollis. it's okay.
Are those candy canes
on your pants?
Oh. God.
These are my Christmas leggings.
I don't usually wear them
out of the house.
but I got your text
and I came right away.
They're actually comfortable.
Do you want them?
No. Hollis does not
wanna wear your leggings--
- Maybe I do?
- Okay. they're yours.
- [laughs]
- They're yours.
- Thank you for being here.
- Of course.
Thank you.
- I think I need to sit down.
- Yeah.
Okay. here we go. Here we go.
There you go.
Yeah.
I just don't know how we do it.
I don't know how we do it.
I just don't know how.
What will I tell Caroline?
How will I tell my daughter?
- I'm right here. I'm right here.
- He's gone.
- Hollis: Brooke?
- Sorry. what?
You were so quiet during lunch.
You okay?
I'm good. Yeah.
- Want a crisp?
- No.
Okay.
We call them chips. um.
in America.
[pop song playing indistinctly
over radio]
Are we gonna be weird now?
Why weird? Did you guys fight?
- We had a healthy discussion.
- We didn't fight.
Hollis:
It's Caroline.
I yelled at her
in the street and--
And it felt amazing.
Good for you. woman.
it's about time.
She shouldn't be helping me
with my feelings.
I should be helping her
work through hers.
Well. you're grieving too.
Hollis:
Thank you.
- [package rustling]
- For that. you get a Twizzler.
Thanks.
Mm! How do y'all
eat those things?
They taste like flip-flops.
You are so wrong about that.
- They're the perfect car candy.
- [gasps] Jinx.
- Jinx.
Hollis:
Cheers.
Who's ready for the spa?
Mm! Hell. yeah!
I'm ready. Blood facials.
diamonds up our butts. whatever.
Hell. no.
[laughter]
♪ Now there was a time ♪
♪ When you loved me so ♪
♪ See. I've been a bad
Bad. bad. bad girl ♪
♪ And I've been deep ♪
♪ How do ya like me now? ♪
Good afternoon.
welcome to Honey and Sage.
[sneezing]
Excuse me. Allergies.
You have such a cute sneeze.
Oh. Thank you.
Appointment or walk-in?
- Appointment.
- Okay.
Electra Undergrove.
I'm checking in for the premium
salt-glow body scrub
and the Morpheus8 treatment.
It's a pleasure to have you
with us. Ms. Undergrove.
Question. has Hollis Shaw
arrived yet with her party?
She's a close friend.
- Oh.
- I am so moved
watching her
get her groove back.
I just wanna say hi
and blessings.
Without disrupting the flow
of my services. obviously.
- Of course.
- Yeah. so are they here yet?
It says they should be
on their itinerary.
So. unfortunately.
it is against spa policy for me
to give out information
about other guests.
[sneezing]
Excuse me.
I wonder if it's also against
policy for you to come into work
while sick
with some sort of avian flu.
Oh. Heh-heh.
- It's seasonal allergies.
- Right.
Either way.
I'm gonna go ahead and cancel.
just to be safe.
I should probably tell Hollis
not to bother coming either.
I wouldn't want you
getting her sick.
- No. I--
- What's your name?
For my Yelp review?
You know what? Never mind.
I'll just write
"the doe-eyed receptionist."
They'll be here at 1:00.
Wonderful.
Thank you so much. mama.
I knew we could
figure this out together.
Where is the women's lounge?
So. you'll be. um.
locker number three.
and it's right over there.
Thank you.
[sneezes]
Bless you.
[upbeat theme playing]
[sighs]
Sorry. stars.
[phone buzzes]
Oh. my God.
[chuckles]
Caroline. stop being a slut.
What is wrong with you?
This is your new friend's
boyfriend.
If anyone wants to add anything
to your massage.
like hot stones.
or aromatherapy.
or anything. go for it.
It's my treat.
You mean like rocks
from outside?
Actually. I changed your massage
to special healing energy...
- Tatum: Jesus.
- It'll be good. Just try it.
- [phone chimes. buzzes]
- Okay.
Hey. Dru.
Is this your estrogen patch?
I can barely see it.
Mine looks like
a giant Band-Aid.
I still get my period.
Sometimes.
Show-off.
Tatum and I started
one day apart when we were 12.
Oh. wow. even your cycles
are besties.
[laughs]
I'm excited for no more periods.
I'm ready to be fully discarded
by society.
It is liberating.
What about you. Brooke?
You wanna join in
on this pity party?
Yeah. no. I'm gross too.
Or what are you guys
talking about?
- Menopause.
- Oh. my meno hasn't paused yet.
But I've been really moody
and I'm hairy.
- Tatum: Hairy.
- Okay.
Let's be showered
and ready to head home by 4:00
'cause we need time to change
before cocktails--
Holly. we are at a spa. Relax.
Yeah. I don't really do that.
Yeah. you know what?
We have to turn your brain off.
How about...?
Weed mint. anyone?
Eat me.
I haven't been high in years.
It makes me really weird
and paranoid and--
No. it's mild. You'll be fine.
It's like a glass of wine.
I'll do it if Gigi does it.
All right then. Thanks.
- Mm-hm.
- All right. Cheers.
- Brooke?
- Yes.
- Cheers.
- Yes. yum.
Delicious. Yummy. I love it.
Down the hatch.
- Brooke: It's delicious.
- Tatum: Perfect.
All right. time to go and ice
these bones in the cold plunge.
I'm gonna find some snacks
before the munchies hit.
I'm gonna lay in the salt-room
thingy before my massage.
Do you wanna come? Just warning.
weed makes me existential.
- Mm. Me too.
- Gigi. maybe we should go
to the steam room. You and me.
Hm.
- Okay.
- Okay. I'll come with you guys--
Oh but. you have the facial.
I don't want you
to overstimulate your pores.
Why don't we just go?
We'll meet you there.
We'll meet you somewhere.
We'll find you.
Hm.
Gigi [sighs]:
I think I'm sweating tequila.
This is amazing.
- My pores thank you.
- What pores?
[sighs]
Okay. what's up?
Is this about the kiss?
Because honestly. it's fine.
[Brooke sighs]
- You knew Matthew.
- What?
Yes. I saw a picture of you
together on your phone in the--
- Oh. my God.
- The little memories part.
- You were together.
- Oh. my God.
- We were but I can explain.
- Do that.
Actually...
I can't.
Nothing I say can explain...
Yeah. that's what I thought.
...or justify any of this.
The whole thing is so fucked up.
Brooke.
Okay. well. you better try
to figure it out.
otherwise I'm gonna go tell
Hollis who you really are.
and I'm gonna ruin this poor
woman's already-ruined life.
Okay?
[dramatic theme playing]
After Matthew died.
I was so lonely...
- Do not try to make me feel
sorry for you. Please. please.
- I'm not. I'm not. [sniffles]
I reached out to Hollis
and we just-- We connected.
- Okay. Right.
- And then we kept talking.
And it made us both feel better.
Okay. but why. why. why
would you come here?
- Because she invited me.
- But still.
I should never've said yes.
but I didn't wanna let her down!
None of this was planned.
I promise you.
Okay.
- Brooke...
- What?
He was...
the first person
that I've ever loved.
- Stop. Stop. Stop.
- Neither of us
meant for it to happen.
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
[Gigi sighs]
[sniffles]
- Are you gonna tell her?
- I don't--
I don't know. I don't know.
I need to figure out
what's best for Hollis. Gigi.
If that's even your real name.
It's Georgina.
Oh...
That's so cute.
Fuck. Okay. no.
I am going to go.
I'm leaving. you stay here.
Do not follow me.
Oh. my God.
[door closes]
Fuck!
Gigi:
It's the mom friend.
She saw one of those
stupid memory
picture things on my phone--
Miss! I'm so sorry.
there's no cell phones.
Oh. I'm sorry. It's the nanny.
Kids...
Okay. hold on.
You went to Hollis's house
with pictures
of her husband on your phone?
That's what the cloud is for.
No. it was in my memories.
What am I gonna do?
You could just
get the hell out of there.
- Hey.
I can't leave
now that Brooke knows.
If Hollis finds out the truth.
I want her to hear it from me.
Yeah. so. you're just living
on Nantucket now?
No. I'm trapped.
And I think I'm high.
Oh. God. I'm trapped and high.
I am so stupid.
[Dru-Ann yawns]
- I gotta go.
- No. Gigi--
- Hey.
- Hi.
- You feeling anything yet?
- A little. But I'm cool.
I need this.
- Don't tell anyone.
- No.
[both chuckle]
[Dru-Ann sighs]
Um...
So. what's your deal. hm?
What are you not telling us?
How do you mean?
I mean. did you win
a Hollibabe caption contest?
Are you just trying
to get a blue check?
'Cause you know you can
buy those. What is it?
I'm just here for Hollis.
Like everyone else.
Well. I'm-- I need to go
and sweat out my demons.
[Dru-Ann chuckles]
[sighs]
[pensive.
melancholy theme playing]
Matthew:
How is it?
[chuckles]
Hi.
You're still here.
I can think about you.
and you're here.
I miss how you used to
shave over the sink and get
all your beard hairs in it
and just leave them.
There is no way you miss that.
[chuckling]
I do. I...
I miss the hairs.
I miss your sinus sounds.
When you were clearing
your sinuses and like...
Ho-ugh!
[chuckling]
I even miss...
getting bored
by your bird talks.
- Bird talks?
- Yes.
You would start talking
about some
ruby-throated booby
that you saw and--
- Warbler!
- Okay. and I would--
Ruby-throated warbler!
I would pretend to listen.
but really...
Really. I was just
sending emails in my head.
You knew I loved you.
Right?
What do you think?
We were broken. weren't we?
- Hollis--
- Woman: Hollis?
I have you
for a 2:00 p.m. massage?
Yes. thanks.
Caroline:
Just some charming crudités...
Aubrey:
Yes!
Onion dip.
- Wow.
- And cheese straws.
shortbread...
My mom
is extremely domesticated.
It's very extra. I'm sorry.
Extra what? Extra dope?
I mean. my mom can't even toast
Otis's waffle.
Like. I ask her to toast it.
and it's somehow burnt
and frozen at the same time.
My mom is not cool
like your mom.
- My mom isn't cool.
- Come on.
She cares about how shit looks
just as much as your mom does.
She-- She didn't talk
to me for a week
after I told her I was pregnant.
- That's awful.
- Mm-hm.
Well. my mom
is an actual influencer.
which is just embarrassing.
She took something
she was good at
and turned it into a job.
I think that's cool.
I guess.
Oh. shit.
Your house has a baby house.
That's sick.
I'm obsessed with this dip.
I'm sorry.
- It's so good.
- Yeah. you and the rest
of the internet!
Everything I say here
is anonymous. right?
- I'm sorry?
- Meaning. anything I say
is confidential
because of HIPAA. right?
Oh. That doesn't
really apply here.
Then a completely
hypothetical question:
What would you do
if you found out something
that'd break
your friend's heart?
Would you tell them
or would you keep it from them
so that they could stay happy?
And this hypothetical "thing"
is that the husband
cheated on the wife...
Oh. Pfft.
Yeah. that's-- I don't--
And the husband's dead.
- Dead... Wow.
- I should say that.
- Sorry. Keep going.
- Well...
- I think I would tell them.
- But that would ruin their life.
Oh. yeah.
So. maybe don't tell them?
- Mm. that's betrayal.
- Oh.
Well. you can tell someone else?
That's what I'm doing right now.
I don't know.
Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. sorry.
[upbeat theme playing]
I think those are for your eyes.
I'm pretending
they're Cool Ranch Doritos.
Hm.
What did you and Holly
fight about?
We didn't fight.
We just had a discussion...
between adult friends
who have history. you know.
No. I don't know.
Hollis has a whole other life
with you.
Tatum. look.
I know things between us
are a little
weirdly territorial?
- But I don't not like you.
- [sighs]
Yeah. well. after all that stuff
at the wedding...
What stuff happened
at the wedding?
I meant this weekend.
Things are weird because
of what happened at the wedding.
- Seriously. you don't remember?
- No. What happened?
[sighs]
Nothing. it's not worth it.
We're good.
Miss Jones?
- We're good?
- Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
[upbeat theme playing]
I was looking for you.
You gotta come see these lights.
I was hoping we could talk.
Beautiful.
These. these...
Yeah.
This is a different high
than high school high.
So mellow... Yeah. Cowabunga.
This room...
I think it's like a womb.
Warm and safe.
We grew inside our mothers
and then we became mothers.
Am I saying the word wrong?
"Mother"?
- No. Mother.
- No?
No. you're doing it right.
- Mother. good.
- Yeah.
- Um... I have to--
- Brooke.
Do you feel like
we know each other?
Like. really know each other?
I mean. you know. I feel like
as moms. you know. and...
Then I feel like when everything
happened with Electra.
- I feel like we got closer.
- Mm-hm.
And. um...
when you called me
about Matthew...
I think this is
gonna sound weird. but--
It won't. we're really high.
Yeah. we're high.
- I felt honored...
- Yeah?
...that you trusted me
to be there with you.
I felt like we were starting
to become real friends?
I want to be.
- You do?
- Mm-hm.
Me too.
Let's get naked.
[groans]
I'm just gonna focus
on your face for a moment.
It's such an important place.
When does
the massage portion happen?
I slept on my neck weird.
We'll get there.
Any health concerns?
Just my neck.
Stupid.
- [phone buzzing]
- [clears throat]
Dru-Ann Jones.
This is Lauren Armstrong
from NBC Sports.
I'm calling for comment about
what Posey Woodford posted
about in her stories and her
dropping you as an agent.
- What?
- Is this news to you?
- 'Cause we're going to have--
- [phone beeps]
Can you go harder?
Masseuse:
Take a deep breath for me.
Our bodies hold
all of our anxiety.
and stress. and sadness...
And what I wanna do here today
is just show your body
some love.
Remind it that it's healthy.
it's strong.
that it can carry you
through this world.
- You can trust it.
- [sobbing softly]
Male Masseuse:
Too hard?
No. It's not hard enough.
Female Masseuse:
Take another breath for me.
[shuddering breath]
[crying]
[pensive.
melancholy theme playing]
Matthew:
My flight wasn't delayed.
I canceled it.
So I could see you.
Gigi:
This isn't my new route.
I changed my schedule
so I could see you.
- Matthew: You okay?
- Gigi: Yeah.
Matthew:
I don't believe you.
I don't wanna be someone
who falls for a married man.
I'm terrified.
I don't wanna stop.
[sighing]
[sniffles]
[door rattling]
[knocking]
Hello?
The door's stuck. Hello?
- I can't breathe!
- I'm here! I'm here!
I'm right here. I'm right here.
[gasping]
Oh. my God.
Hey. you're okay. You're okay.
[both laughing]
- Okay. no. no...
- No. seriously...
I had to call Poison
Control Center for dogs.
and I had to say.
"My dog ate a bottle of lube."
And his next poop
just. like. slid right out.
Wow.
- Kind of amazing.
- Yeah.
I have never told anyone
that story
'cause I just...
felt embarrassed
that I had lube.
- Lube. Lube.
- Lube.
Are you sure
you don't wanna get in?
I'm good. I'm good right here.
And I can't get my bangs wet.
- Yeah.
- It's a whole thing.
Mm.
This water feels so good.
Charlie gets massages.
Mm-hm.
With an ending?
Of happiness?
I've never told anybody that.
I'm glad you did.
I mean. I know
he wouldn't need to do that
if I could just. you know.
be more...
- Or maybe less...
- Wait. no. Brooke. no.
- No?
- This is not your fault.
- Right.
- No. that's on him.
Not about you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Do you think Matthew ever.
um. you know...?
With other women. or...?
No. No.
Yeah. sometimes you...
You just don't know.
How do you mean?
I think Charlie was
inappropriate with an intern.
And I have to defend him
on Tuesday.
Oh. my God. I am so sorry.
I had no idea
you were going through that.
You were going through
so much worse.
No. No. Brooke.
We are both dealing with a lot.
Oh God. will you not tell
anybody about the deposition?
- No!
- If Electra found out.
I don't know.
she would destroy me.
No. what?
Why would I tell Electra?
I would never.
She is not my friend.
You're my friend. Brooke.
You are.
Not Electra Undergrove. Gross.
She's gross.
[light theme playing]
[laughing]
There she is!
Whee!
[mysterious theme playing]
Oh. my gosh.
Should I get bangs?
- Mrs. Undergrove?
- Yes. that's me.
I have you
for a 3:00 p.m. facial.
Wonderful.
Your bangs.
they look so good on you.
I think my forehead
is getting longer?
Is that possible?
Maybe with age?
[upbeat theme playing]
Aubrey:
This view is amazing.
Okay. your grandma was like
my mom's surrogate mom
after her mom died?
Yeah. she basically adopted her
like a second daughter.
She taught her how to cook.
So. actually.
I think your mom lowkey
owes my family
like millions of dollars.
[both chuckling]
My mom's mom passed away
when she was little.
And then your mom's mom
passed away.
And when I was little.
her dad passed away.
Now she's lost my dad.
She's lost everybody but me.
Oh. my God.
it's happening to you.
- What is?
- Mom empathy.
It's contagious
and completely irreversible.
- [phone buzzes]
- Oh. my God. Dylan.
The diapers are where
the diapers always are.
Do you think
you guys are gonna get married?
I don't know.
Um...
He used to be
my favorite person.
And now sometimes I wonder
if he's just the person
- who gave me my favorite person?
- [chuckles]
Sometimes I think I'm with him
because it's
what my parents want.
Yeah. Sometimes I think that
about pre-med.
Yeah.
I'm failing out.
- Shit. really?
- Yeah.
After my dad died
and I went back to school.
I just couldn't go.
I just couldn't go to class.
It's like those dreams where you
remember you have a big test.
but you haven't been
to school in. like. five years.
Except it's real.
It's all just a bad dream.
And I can't wake up.
- What?
- You're awake.
You're here.
[sighing]
Yeah.
Okay.
- Oh. Thank you.
- Here you go. Yes.
Sorry.
I think I spa-ed too hard.
- [sighs]
- If that's even a verb.
Mm-hm. It is. I've been there.
Mm.
This is a nice break. you know?
- I mean. Brooke. she's so...
- [sighs]
Brooke.
I mean. I love her.
I really do. but...
- Mm.
- Sometimes...
Tatum's a lot too.
You know. she's great.
- You know. like...
- No. please say more. Don't...
Don't leave me out here
to bitch alone.
- [laughs]
- Like. come on. we get it.
You and your husband have a lot
of eye-contact sex. congrats.
[both laugh]
So true. I'm like.
enough already.
I usually avoid
big groups of women.
Yeah. me too. I grew up
with three brothers. so...
whenever I'm around
a bunch of ladies.
I feel like
I'm in a tampon commercial.
I am a lone wolf.
[Gigi sighs]
I'm an angler fish.
A what?
- Angler fish.
- Wait.
They're these fish that live
at the bottom of the ocean.
They produce their own light.
I saw a picture of one once.
and I have never felt more seen.
Dru-Ann:
Ah!
- Wait. This is you?
- Gigi: Mm-hm.
- [laughing]
- See?
Oh. that is not
what I was expecting.
Are you gonna tell me
what's really going on with you?
You were right.
This is an intense situation
for me.
How so?
I recently had
a relationship end.
And this is the first
social thing I've done since.
And I want to be there
for Hollis.
but I'm kind of having
trouble compartmentalizing.
I get it.
I might never work again.
You know. all because of one
tiny. stupid thing I said.
And it's all I can think about.
Life doesn't stop. does it?
Unless you're Matthew.
[laughing]
- Oh. God.
- That is so...
What is wrong with me?
Hey. How was your service?
- It was really nice.
- Okay.
Look. I wanna pay
for all of our treatments.
but before my friend
Hollis sees. so use this.
- Actually...
- Wait. no. This one. For points.
The bill's already been settled.
Did Hollis prepay?
No. another one of your party.
Mrs. Jones? Ms. Jones? Dru-Ann.
Thanks.
[dramatic theme playing]
Hey. everybody. So...
Dru-Ann paid
for all of our treatments.
don't forget to thank her.
How dare you!
I told you this was my treat.
I know. well. I got there first.
So. I won the spa.
Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
God. I think I might
really be high now. Finally.
So nice. So generous.
- Is there a problem?
- No.
Well. hello there. stars.
Oh. my God. No.
[laughs]
[suspenseful theme playing]
Electra?
[gasps]
Um...
- Hi.
- [smooching]
- Oh.
I'm sorry.
this is such a wild coincidence.
It's not a coincidence at all. mama.
Brooke gave me
the entire itinerary
on the ferry yesterday.
You didn't tell her?
I didn't give it to her.
she stole it from me.
Who is this person?
Are you a fan?
Electra Undergrove.
I'm a close friend of Hollis's.
Oh. my God. you're such a liar.
You are not friends with Hollis
anymore. You know that.
We co-chaired
the Wellesley Women's Children's
Wellness Fundraiser
together last year.
Did you not know that?
You co-chaired?
Yes. but--
We spent the entire fall
together planning.
She even came to a few
Rock and Roll Footballs.
[sad theme playing]
Guess you're not as close
as you thought.
Electra.
it was so good to see you.
Thanks for saying hi.
Well. maybe I'll see
you girls around.
Have we met before?
- Me?
- Yeah.
I feel certain I'd remember.
Huh.
Well...
Hm-hm-hm.
My God. The only thing
that's missing
is her coat made of puppies.
Can we have a minute. please?
Oh. Yeah.
We'll meet you at the car.
You just told me you guys
weren't friends anymore.
You lied.
Yes. but. Brooke. that woman
is so terrifying
and unpredictable.
I didn't want there
to be a problem.
so I've just been kind to her
to keep the peace.
[sad theme playing]
I'm sorry.
I-- God. I'm high.
[Hollis sighs]
Well. I'm not.
Oh.
- [slams]
- Okay.
[door opens]
Caroline:
Wow!
You guys look nice.
Very airbrushed.
Do you maybe want some golden
hour group pics on the bluff?
Thank you.
Aubrey:
What's the big deal?
She paid for your massage.
It's just money.
Tatum:
It's not just money.
[sighing]
It's about...
legacy.
How is it about legacy?
Okay. it's about integrity.
Now you're just saying words.
What if you write about it?
In your own
personalized journal.
- Heh.
- I know what this is about. Mom.
This is you not wanting Dru-Ann
to think you're trash.
At the end of your life. you
don't wanna owe anyone anything.
Okay? You don't wanna be
beholden to anyone.
You wanna mind
your damn business
and take care of your people.
You hear me?
I am taking care of my people.
You know what? I'm over it.
I can be the bigger person.
Okay. No. I can't. I'm angry.
I'm an angry little person.
Done.
[phone chimes]
[gasps]
She's fucking crazy.
[dramatic theme playing]
[bag zipping]
[sighs]
- What are you doing?
- I'm leaving.
- No. Brooke. don't. Don't leave.
- God--
God. I felt so special when
you invited me to this weekend.
- That's so sad.
- Listen. Brooke.
all that Electra stuff.
it was not a big deal.
It's not just "stuff" to me.
Heh. God. it's been
like this my whole life.
I'm never enough.
I'm never in on the joke...
I'm so sorry. Brooke.
I didn't know you felt that way.
But you did.
[Brooke scoffs]
[sighs]
I really don't wanna go home.
God. I don't wanna deal
with Charlie.
I just needed this weekend
for myself.
And I already know
what I wanna order at Cru.
- Oh.
- That lobster pot pie
looks amazing.
[sighs]
Fine. I'm staying.
But I'm still mad at you.
Okay.
Nice move with Venmo.
What is your problem with me?
You still think I'm cheap trash.
With Payless shoes.
Wait. what?
Holly's wedding? We all had to
wear those cream-colored shoes?
I wasn't about to spend
a couple hundred bucks
on a pair I'd only wear once.
My heel broke at the reception
and I heard you tell
all the bridesmaids.
"That's what you get when you
buy your shoes at Payless."
I'm sorry. that is what you get
if you buy your shoes
at Payless.
And then you made a big deal
about how you took Holly
on a trip as a wedding present.
- stayed at some fancy hotel...
- All right. look. Tatum.
I'm not gonna apologize
for making money.
All right? I work hard.
So do I.
Look. I don't care about
your money. I have money too.
I don't need to make a big deal
about it. I'm happy. goddammit.
I like my life. I love it.
And it's probably too late
now anyway.
- Too late for what?
- Never mind.
[shutter clicks]
Sorry. I was
just testing the light.
You look like him.
Your dad.
I guess I saw a lot of his face
in your mom's videos.
- Right.
- Sorry. I just. you know...
- You're gorgeous.
- So are you.
Picture time. Okay.
Where do you want us. Goose?
This is perfect.
Tatum and Dru. can you guys
get closer together?
And Brooke. go next to Gigi.
And you go in the middle.
Tell her. don't tell her.
Do what you want.
- I don't care.
- Okay.
Hollis:
Thank you for doing this.
Tatum:
So many freaking pictures.
All right. or don't.
That's fine. Um-- Okay.
Look like you like each other.
And smile.
♪ Shake it out. shake it out ♪
♪ Shake it out. shake it out
Whoa! ♪
♪ Shake it out. shake it out ♪
♪ Shake it out. shake it out
Whoa! ♪
♪ And it's hard to dance
With a devil on your back ♪
Caroline:
Perfect. We got it.
♪ Whoa ♪
I...
♪ Shake it out ♪
♪ And given half the chance
Would I take any of it back? ♪
♪ It's a fine romance
But it's left me so undone ♪
♪ It's always darkest
Before the dawn ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
- ♪ Oh. whoa ♪
- [Hollis sighs]
[upbeat theme playing]
[dramatic theme playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm